[Music]
let's see how we would give the hardness of
the suspension of our vehicle in
theory is something simple that you should do
the user himself and that the brand us
provides again with the motorbike
provides a toolkit where
There is the necessary tool to
vary the hardness of the suspension
we will have to vary the hardness when
we notice discomfort when it comes to catching
a pothole if the suspension is too hard
we will give you a very dry blow but for
against the wheels for more grab the
asphalt if we do not want to notice the blow
of the pothole we should have the suspension
in a softer position so that
dampen more but we will lose something of
adn
let's see how we would think or
we would rest the pier
inside the next toolkit
with the engine we find one that is the
necessary to vary the hardness
in this case
in this case this shock absorber has its
variation point here
and this is where we have the different
measures this cushion anchor in this
point from here then we have to
put it so that if the spring is left
more stretched compresses less and if
we put in the position that compresses more
the pier we are hardening the
suspension to vary it in this case
we anchor this tool and by way of
lever we move it to the next
position in this case we have put in the
middle position this has three if
it varies until the next
now what is the lowest position
we would have put in the most position
soft on the other side we'll have to
always put the same position if not the
motorbike will work unbalanced and
we would notice irregularities at the time of
work in curve
[Music]